Add heading for renderable values (#953)
lit/lit.dev: packages/lit-dev-content/site/docs/templates/expressions.md

Expressions in the child position can take many kinds of values:

* Primitive values likes strings, numbers, and booleans.

> * `TemplateResult` objects created with the [`html`](/docs/api/templates/#html) or [`svg`](/docs/api/templates/#svg) functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `TemplateResult` objects created with the [`html`](/docs/api/templates/#html) or [`svg`](/docs/api/templates/#svg) functions, when inside an `svg` element.
```

Seems most important to call this out here. I'm meh on putting it in the other spot as well.

Author: Like the idea, but this way it's not clear that "when inside an `svg` element" applies only to the `svg` function. Maybe:

```suggestion
* `TemplateResult` objects created with the [`html`](/docs/api/templates/#html) function (or the [`svg`](/docs/api/templates/#svg) function, if the expression is inside an `<svg>` element).
```
